Anscombe's Quartet

---

Could an artificial intelligence have opinions?

What would an artificial intelligence have to have in order to have opinions?
Would we want that?
How would you design that?

Computers get are ways around bottlenecks for evolution

---

Could you use psych data for machine learning?

---

Desire vs. Time

The naive desire to be good at something, which you don't want to spend the time to get good at. 

Perspective: 
- been trying to narrow down activities
     - jack of all trades, master of none
- what makes an activity valuable?
     - basic formula: the amount I enjoy it
     - most activities require a warm-up time to get proficient
- do the enjoyable activities
- problem: there are a ton of enjoyable activities with different warm-up times

Title: Naive Desire and the Limits of (my) Time

---

Fiddling

---

Personal Dictionary - What does this mean?

---

What Makes a Big Jump?

I recently read a book called Intuition Pumps and Other Tools for Thinking by Daniel C. Dennett. It was very thought provoking. One of the ideas brings to the for is that of joots’ing: jumping out of the system. 

Jumping out of the system is strange phenomenon coined by Doug Hofstadter (the author of Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid)

---

The Internet might Permanize Language

A language is not set in stone or even sand. It’s a natural construction, a product of a particular kind of evolution. It changes, and unpredictably. Its vocabulary expands and contracts, and the meanings of words in that vocabulary change with use, though often without rhyme or reason.

These features are central to the identity of something that is a language. 

Words are given meaning through context and repeated use. 

Is there any reason to make language concrete?

---

Receptive Theory of Art

Write article about the
Receptive theory of art
